#summary Introduction to brad2.
#labels Phase-Implementation,Featured

= brad^2 =

Welcome to the *brad^2* project.



== About brad^2 ==

=== Scope ===

(or _resolution_ in management speak)

Stable, flexible, extend able, feature rich etc.

Some words on Blender and Radiance maybe.


=== History ===

About b/rad and bliff and the transition phase.



== Project road map ==

=== key decisions for the first release ===

  * merge brad and bliff
  * review code base
  * add testing and quality management
  * establish layout and installation locations of modules
  * establish project directory hierarchy
  * features necessary for simple scene export

*Following releases* will improve the basic functionality and
add new features as desired or required by our work. 

Details on planned features and their time line can be found
on the WishList page.



== Documentation ==

Your already there! The documentation is kept in the project wiki
and divided into the following areas:

  * [UserGuide  User Guide] - how to install and use brad2
    * [ProjectLayout  Project Layout] - how the exported Radiance scenes are structured
  * [AuxScripts  Auxiliary Scripts] - scripts that can be used without Blender
  * [DevGuide  Developer Guide] - guide for developers subdivided in:
    * [CodingStyle  Coding Style] - common rules to format Python code
    * [DesignGuide  Design Guide] - explains the main concepts of the brad2 design
    * [ModuleLayout  Module Layout] - where brad2 modules live 
  * [KnowledgeBase  Knowledge Base] - background information on Radiance, DDS, algorithms etc.
  
Key documents will also be marked for the _Featured Wiki Pages_ box
on the project home page.



== Download ==

There is nothing to download yet.

Downloads will be made available as *.zip files in the download
section of this project (see tab on top of this page). These
snapshots will be updated for every major release but will not
contain the latest feature updates (scripting support for the
download are might change that, though).

We plan to establish a stable development branch that will include
all new and tested features since the last release. If you are
in these new modules you have to use SVN to get the current stable
code on you computer.

The command for anonymous access is

{{{
svn checkout http://brad2.googlecode.com/svn/trunk
}}}

Finally, for the latest features and an exciting live style experience
use the _development branch_ of the SVN repository. This has not been
established yet.



== Participation ==

If you want to contribute to our project you're very very welcome.
We can use any help that is offered: from testing new features,
updating the documentation pages to writing code and realising new
ideas.

You have to create an account on the [http://code.google.com/hosting Google Code Hosting]
page to join our project. 








